[ci skip] Append some description about advance constraints (#39886)
rails/rails: guides/source/routing.md

Both the `matches?` method and the lambda gets the `request` object as an argument.

> #### advance in a block form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Constraints in block form
```

> Of course, you can specify this kind of constraints in a block form. Especially, when you need to apply same rule to several routes. Just like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify constraints in a block form. This is useful for when you need to apply the same rule to several routes. For example
```

```
class RestrictedListConstraint
  # ...Same as the example above
end

Rails.application.routes.draw do
  constraints(RestrictedListConstraint.new) do
    get '*path', to: 'restricted_list#index',
    get '*other-path', to: 'other_restricted_list#index',
  end
end
```

> You also can apply `lambda` version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also use a `lambda`:
```
